well who does not have much notion about how
make a garden in comics
I learned more or less and today gave
right for me and I wanted to show you
How do I do the procedure?
make a proper hygiene dinner is the
The next I got the way I am.
seeing here how it is done by shrimp tide
I already asked for a gif conflict of the form né
in this way I gave of a juice where it leaves
so the lead and with these tools
so I cut and model with the line
Fourth and her model's scissors stand
more or less so he out of this way
the way it is shot well right
note that the so the water line gives the
The finish of the songo stays inside the dream
So you have to do with the scissors.
I went to power is to open the hole today.
there for you to put the other stand
right
after I pick up and the wiper file
in it it looks more or less like that
stays like this
I'll take him and give him a hand.
Normal quenched ink enamel paint such
which I always use to deal with the first hand
of ink and then I use creativity
how to put the desired colorations and
at your discretion in the coloration you
Wish
I'd rather do more or less like this.
after them painted right
they stay like this, it kills a lot
here where I live here it 's cool here it 's
kill a lot of them with the abit woods
You kill pretty good bug and the
paints that I use enamels are these
so is quite flashy tire flame
enough attention
correct after painting with enamel
this finish
I give resin bath the bath
resin
There is a resin bath
It's worth staying a lot, it's so bright and
do not drop the paint, that's it folks
It was pretty cool and it has given
result